Add info about Mac Catalyst and update samples (#253)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: README.md

## Requirements

- iOS 11+/macOS 10.15+
- Xcode 11.2+
- Swift 5.1
- CocoaPods 1.7+
- Carthage 0.33.0+

## Mac Catalyst

> Our frameworks are compatible with [Mac Catalyst](https://developer.apple.com/mac-catalyst/), meaning you can create a chat application that works on both iOS and macOS. Read about it [here](link-to-blog-post).

Author: ```suggestion
Our frameworks are compatible with [Mac Catalyst](https://developer.apple.com/mac-catalyst/), meaning you can create a chat application that works on both iOS and macOS. Read about it [here](https://getstream.io/blog/stream-chat-swift-macos-support).
```
